Add documentation for HA cluster support features (#880)
EnterpriseDB/barman: doc/barman.5.d/50-cluster.md

cluster

> :   Name of the Barman cluster which a Barman server or model relates to. Used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Name of the Barman cluster associated with a Barman server or model. Used
```
